Chumley:
LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
THIS IS...
PROFESSOR BANNER!
NO WAY!
PROFESSOR BANNER
COULDN'T HAVE
MUMMIFIED THIS FAST.
Man: THAT IS THE BODY OF THE ONE
YOU KNOW AS PROFESSOR BANNER.
WHAT THE--?!
WHO IS THAT?
THE SEVENTH SHADOW RIDER.
AMNAEL.
LET'S THROWDOWN!
GO, MY ALCHEMY BEASTS!
ATTACK JADEN DIRECTLY!
SALAMANDRA THE STEEL!
LET LOOSE FLAMESHOT
OF ORE!
NOW GO,
BURST IMPACT!
NOW ALL
MONSTERS OUT,
OTHER THAN
BURSTINATRIX...
ARE DESTROYED!
AND THEN YOU TAKE
300 POINTS OF DAMAGE
FOR EACH OF THEM!
NO, PHARAOH!
THAT GUY'S
DANGEROUS!
Syrus: W-WHAT'S GOING ON?
BUT PHARAOH'S NEVER THAT
FRIENDLY WITH STRANGERS!
THEN...AMNAEL...
IS NO STRANGER
TO PHARAOH OR TO YOU.
AHH!
Chumley: PROFESSOR BANNER?!
WAIT, IF YOU'RE
BANNER,
THEN...WHO'S...
THAT MUMMY?
HA HA HA!
THAT MUMMY IS ALSO ME...
THERE IS MORE GOING
ON HERE
THAN YOU COULD
POSSIBLY IMAGINE!
BUT THE TRUTH WILL BE
REVEALED SOON ENOUGH!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Jaden:
PROFESSOR BANNER?!
YOU'RE BEHIND
ALL OF THIS?!
OF COURSE, JADEN.
BUT BEFORE I DEFEAT YOU,
I MAY AS WELL TELL YOU
THE WHOLE STORY...
HEY,
I'M ALL EARS.
LIKE YOURSELF, I WAS
ONCE A YOUNG DUELIST
WITH UNLIMITED POTENTIAL...
I SCOURED THE WORLD
IN SEARCH
OF THE RAREST
AND MOST POWERFUL CARDS.
FINALLY, MY TRAVELS LED ME
TO THE ULTIMATE PRIZE:
A LOST TOMB,
HIDDEN AND BURIED
IN AN ANCIENT DESERT.
WITHIN, WAS
A DUELISTS' DREAM.
FOR IT HELD THE VERY
FIRST DUEL CARDS.
LIKE PEGASUS YEARS BEFORE,
I SOUGHT OUT THEIR POWERS.
BUT THE TOMB WAS CURSED,
AND SCIENCE HAD NO ANSWER
TO THE MAGIC WHICH
RAVAGED MY BODY...
I TRIED EVERYTHING,
BUT SOON, I REALIZED
THERE WAS ONLY
ONE THING TO BE DONE.
I HAD NO CHOICE
BUT TO CREATE A NEW BODY.
THEREFORE, I USED ALCHEMY
TO CREATE A HOMUNCULUS,
AN ARTIFICIAL LIFE FORM.
AND PLACED MY
SOUL INSIDE OF IT.
Chumley:
UH...SAY WHAT?!
DON'T ASK ME, CHUM.
Banner: BUT THIS NEW BODY
IS ONLY TEMPORARY.
IT WON'T BE LONG
BEFORE I'M NOTHING...
BUT A PILE OF DUST
IN THE WIND.
YOU SEE...I DON'T...
HAVE MUCH TIME LEFT...
HOLD ON.
JUST WAIT A SEC!
YOU'RE SAYING...
YOU'RE A CLONE?!
AND TO LIVE, I NEED
THE POWER OF THESE CARDS:
THE THREE DIVINE
SACRED BEASTS!
EVEN IF YOU END UP
DESTROYING THE WORLD
IN THE PROCESS?!
SORRY, BANNER,
I CAN'T LET YOU
DO THAT!
TOO LATE!
ONCE YOU LOSE,
THE CARDS ARE MINE!
THEN I WON'T DUEL.
OH, YES YOU WILL.
[PURRS]
YOU FORGET!
YOUR FRIENDS REMAIN
MY PRISONERS!
IF YOU WALK AWAY,
THEIR SOULS
WILL BECOME MINE
FOR ETERNITY!
YOU HAVE NO CHOICE!
YOU HAVE TO DUEL ME!
PRETEND IT'S
YOUR FINAL EXAM!
WELL THEN...
BRING IT ON!
I BELIEVE...
IT WAS MY TURN...
WITH CHAOS GREED!
IT WORKS LIKE THIS:
IF THERE ARE NO CARDS
IN MY GRAVEYARD
AND IF FOUR OF MINE
ARE OUT OF PLAY...
I'M ALLOWED
TO DRAW TWO TIMES!
AND BOTH DRAWS
I'LL PLACE FACEDOWN!
YOUR TURN, JADEN...
[THINKING]
BANNER DOESN'T HAVE
ANY CARDS IN HIS HAND,
BUT WITH HIS
ELEMENTAL ABSORBER
CHILLIN' ON THE FIELD,
HE COULD NIX
ANY OF MY ATTACKS!
IF I EVER NEEDED
A LUCKY DRAW,
THIS IS IT!
SO HERE GOES...
SOMETHIN'!
I PLAY MY SPELL CARD
POT OF GREED!
NEXT, I'LL SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO CLAYMAN!
THEN I'LL ACTIVATE,
MY CLAY WRAP!
AND, WITH MY
POLYMERIZATION...
I'LL FUSE CLAYMAN
WITH BURSTINATRIX
TO CREATE
HERO RAMPART BLASTER!
BUT WAIT...
NOW CLAY WRAP
GETS DESTROYED!
SO WHY'D HE PLAY IT?
I MEAN!
WHAT A WASTE!
KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
YEAH, I DO KNOW!
SEE, SY...
THE CLAY WRAP CARD?
WHEN IT GOES
TO THE GRAVE...
I GET TO TAKE OUT
ONE OF PROFESSOR
CLONE-DOME'S
SPELL OR TRAP CARDS!
AND NOW...I THINK I'M
GONNA DO JUST THAT!
DESTROY
ELEMENTAL ABSORBER!
ERR!
LISHUS!
TAKE 'IM JADEN!
YOU GOT HIM
ON THE ROPES!
QUITE IMPRESSIVE...
AH, BUT I'M AFRAID
IT TAKES A WHOLE LOT MORE
IF YOU WANT
ALL YOUR FRIENDS BACK!
YA WANT MORE?
RAMPART,
TAKE IT TO HIM!!
YOU FOOL!
IT IS I WHO WILL
BE TAKING YOU!
OFF TO THE GREAT BEYOND!
I ACTIVATE:
MACRO COSMOS!
THIS ALLOWS ME TO
REMOVE CHAOS DISTILL
FROM PLAY,
AND NOW, I'LL BE
REMOVING YOU
FROM THIS WORLD!
[GROANING]
OHH!
WHOA.
OH.
THE POWER OF ALCHEMY
FLOWS THROUGH ME.
IT HAS BROKEN
OUR EARTHLY BONDS
AND TAKEN US HERE.
WELL IT'S NOT GONNA
SHAKE ME! ERR!
THEN PERHAPS
THIS WILL, JADEN!
DUE TO MACRO COSMOS,
I CAN SUMMON THIS CARD!
HELIOS--
THE PRIMORDIAL SUN!
OHH!
WOW!
HUH?!
CHAZZ!
ALEXIS!
ATTICUS!
THEY CAN'T HEAR YOU.
THEY'RE MY PRISONERS NOW,
LIKE YOU WILL BE,
FOR ALL OF ETERNITY...
FACE IT, JADEN...
THIS TOME IS
YOUR DESTINY NOW.
SOON, YOU WILL BE
LOCKED IN IT PAGES.
A PRISONER.
A PATHETIC
FOOTNOTE TO MY SAGA,
TO MY ASCENSION
TO GREATNESS!
DON'T YOU SEE, JADEN?
YOU CANNOT BEAT ME!
YOU DON'T HAVE
WHAT IT TAKES!
YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS
ARE FINISHED!
I PAID FOR THIS BOOK
WITH MY FLESH AND BLOOD.
I WON'T LOSE IT TO
A SLIFER RED SLACKER!
HEY, ARE YOU
FORGETTIN'
ALL THE MATCHES
I'VE WON?
YOU WERE JUST A PAWN
IN MY LITTLE GAME!
ALL YOUR MATCHES
WERE...FIXED
SO YOU'D BE GIVEN A KEY
AND HAVE TO FACE ME!
YOU SEE,
YOU WERE NOTHING
BUT A LOSER, JADEN!
HUH? ALL OF IT?!
CROWLER?
AND THE SHADOW GAMES?
IT WAS ALL JUST
A BIG SET UP?
TO MAKE ME
SEEM LIKE...
A GREAT DUELIST...
SO THAT I WOULD
GET A SPIRIT KEY
TO PROTECT?
CORRECT!
NOW ON WITH THE DUEL!
I PLAY PLANET ALIGNMENT!
THIS CARD'S SO POWERFUL,
IT ACTUALLY WARPS SPACE!
AND DESTROYS
ALL YOUR MONSTERS...
WHILE DEALING YOU
THREE HUNDRED POINTS
OF DAMAGE!
[GROANS]
[GROANING]
WELL...GUESS I'LL JUST,
THROWDOWN A FACEDOWN.
VERY WELL,
MY TURN NOW.
AND I PLAY A SPELL!
ONE THAT IS A MOUTHFUL!
YELLOW...
PROCESS KITOLENICS!
BUT IT'S ALSO
A HANDFUL, JADEN!
FOR WITH IT, I CAN
SACRIFICE HELIOS
THE PRIMORDIAL SUN...
FOR HELIOS DUI MEGISTUS!
AND FOR EACH
AND EVERY MONSTER CARD
THAT HAS BEEN REMOVED
FROM PLAY...
MEGISTUS GAINS
200 ATTACK POINTS!
THAT'S TWELVE CARDS,
SO THAT'S 2400
EXTRA ATTACK POINTS!
NOW ATTACK!
SOLAR SINGE-ER!
OHH.
JADEN?
I SHOULDA BROUGHT
SOME SUNSCREEN!
OHH!
Jaden: I PLAY MY TRAP!
HIS TRAP?!
A HERO EMERGES!
NOW YOU GET TO PICK
A CARD FROM MY HAND...
AND IF...
IT'S A MONSTER CARD,
THEN I GET TO SUMMON IT!
ONE CARD?
IT WON'T SAVE YOU!
THE CENTER ONE!
NICE PICK...
LEAST FOR ME!
YOU CHOSE ONE
OF MY FAVORITES!
ELEMENTAL HERO
BLADEDGE!
ALRIGHT!
THIS IS, LIKE, TOTALLY
BLADEDGE-LISHUS!
'N HE'S GOT MORE
POINTS THAN YOU!
PERHAPS...BUT EVEN SO,
I CONTINUE MY ATTACK.
NO WAY!
[GROANING]
AND NOW I ACTIVATE...
HER ABILITY!
YOU SEE, JADEN...
IF SHE IS DESTROYED...
SHE IS IMMEDIATELY
RESURRECTED
WITH AN EXTRA THREE HUNDRED
ATTACK POINTS!
NOW, HELIOS DUO MEGISTUS,
ATTACK AGAIN
WITH SOLAR SINGE-ER!
ERR!
YOU PLANNED THAT!
YOU WANTED ME
TO DESTROY HER!
YES, BECAUSE NOW,
SHE CAN DESTROY YOU!
OH.
I SUMMON...
MY BUBBLEMAN!
AND CUZ HE'S ALONE?
I GET TO DRAW
TWO EXTRA CARDS
AND PUT 'EM
IN MY HAND!
NEXT I PLAY:
FUSION RECOVERY!
THIS LETS ME
RETURN CLAYMAN
AND POLYMERIZATION
TO MY HAND...
AND NOW...
I'LL FUSE BUBBLEMAN
AND AVIAN TOGETHER
TO CREATE...
OH, YEAH...
ELEMENTAL HERO MARINER!
YEAH!
NEXT I'LL THROWDOWN
A COUPLA FACEDOWNS...
AND I'LL PLAY MARINER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
SEE, IF I GOT ANY SPELLS
OR TRAPS ON MY FIELD...
THE HERO MARINER?
HE GETS TO ATTACK
YOU DIRECTLY!
SO GO GET HIM!
ANCHOR AWAY!
UGH!
IMPRESSIVE.
PERHAPS YOU ARE NOT
THE LOSER I THOUGHT YOU WERE.
I'M A LOSER?!
AT LEAST I KNOW HOW
TO USE MOISTURIZER!
ALL YOU EVER DO
IS MAKE JOKES.
THAT'S WHY YOU WON'T BE
A GREAT DUELIST.
YOU LACK THE DISCIPLINE,
THE STRENGTH!
LOOK AT ME.
AT MY POWER.
IT'S COSMIC!
YOU CANNOT DEFEAT ME!
YOU'D BE BETTER OFF
JOINING ME.
YES, AS MY SERVANT,
PERHAPS.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
THANKS. BUT I GOT
ENOUGH FRIENDS ALREADY!
AND JADEN, VERY SOON,
YOU'LL BE JOINING
THESE FRIENDS OF YOURS...
IN OBLIVION!
JUST WATCH!
MEGISTUS, ATTACK
THAT MARINER!
NO WAY--
NOT THIS TIME!
I'M PLAYING...
MY FACEDOWN CARD!
MIRROR GATE!
DID YOU SEE THAT?!
THEIR MONSTERS
TRADED SIDES!
GOT THAT RIGHT!
SO NOW
MRS. TALL BRIGHT
AND FIERY
IS BATTLIN'
ON MY TEAM!
I PLAY, A SPELL!
GRAND CONVERGENCE!
ITS POWERFUL GRAVITY WAVES
DESTROY ALL MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD...
AND DEAL
THREE HUNDRED POINTS
OF DAMAGE TO YOU!
[GROANING]
AAH! AAH!
AND THEN MEGISTUS...
RETURNS
WITH EVEN MORE
ATTACK POINTS!
HA HA HA!
MEGISTUS, ATTACK!
I DON'T THINK SO!
GO SPELL CARD!
THE FLUTE OF
SUMMONING KURIBOH!
[CHIRPING]
SEE THANKS
TO MY FRIEND...
ALL OF YOUR DAMAGE
THIS TURN
GOES...TO ZERO!
NOT BAD.
GETS BETTER!
NEXT...I SUMMON
CLAYMAN IN DEFENSE MODE!
THEN I'LL THROW DOWN...
A FACEDOWN!
YEP, THAT'S JUST WHAT
I WOULD'VE DONE.
[THINKING]
THAT'S ALL
I COULD DO...
AFTER ALL,
I JUST CAN'T SEEM
TO BEAT THAT MEGISTUS.
EVERY TIME I DESTROY IT,
IT COMES BACK STRONGER!
MY TURN NOW!
AND IF YOU THOUGHT
HELIOS DUO MEGISTUS
WAS FORMIDABLE...
JUST YOU WAIT!
I PLAY RED PROCESS-RUBEDO!
AND WITH IT...
I SACRIFICE DUO MEGISTUS...
AND SUMMON
HELIOS TRICE MEGISTUS!
NOW, JADEN, FOR EVERY
MONSTER REMOVED FROM PLAY,
TRICE MEGISTUS GAINS
300 ATTACK POINTS!
AND SINCE, THIRTEEN MONSTERS
HAVE BEEN REMOVED
FROM PLAY SO FAR...
THIRTY-NINE HUNDRED?!
IT'S A SHAME YOU DON'T DUEL
AS WELL AS YOU ADD!
NOW, MEGISTUS!
ATTACK
WITH PHOENIX FLARE!
[SHRIEKING]
[GROANING]
I PLAY A TRAP!
HERO SIGNAL!
NOW THANKS
TO THIS...
IF A HERO GETS
TAKEN OUT...
THEN I'M ALLOWED
TO GO SEARCH
THROUGH MY DECK...
AND THEN SUMMON
ANOTHER ONE!
AND I GOT
JUST THE ONE!
ELEMENTAL HERO
SPARKMAN!
AND NOW THAT HE'S
ON THE FIELD,
I GET TO ATTACK AGAIN!
THAT'S RIGHT, JADEN.
DUE TO TRICE MEGISTUS'
VERY SPECIAL ABILITY!
WHAT?!
PHOENIX FLARE!
[GROANING]
[THINKING]
SO I GOT NO MONSTERS,
NO SPELLS, AND NO TRAPS.
AND IF I AM ACTUALLY
ABLE TO SUMMON SOMETHIN'
TO THE FIELD,
THEN THAT THING
CAN ATTACK ME!
FOR ONCE
IN MY LIFE...
I DON'T SEE
HOW I CAN WIN!
[THINKING]
WHAT CAN I DO?
I HAVE NO CARDS
IN MY HAND
AND NO STRATEGY
UP MY SLEEVE.
BUT IF I
DON'T WIN THIS,
ME AND ALL
MY FRIENDS'LL
BE FINISHED!
GOOD-BYE, JADEN.
THIS HAS BEEN
QUITE A YEAR.
I'M NOT DONE!
[THINKING]
OR MAYBE I AM.
WHAT IF EVERYTHING
BANNER SAID WAS RIGHT?
[CHIRPS]
WHAT IF I'VE BEEN SET UP
FROM MY FIRST DAY HERE?
MAYBE I NEVER WAS
A GOOD DUELIST.
MAYBE THE PROFESSOR
FIXED EVERYTHING
SO I'D WIN
ALL MY MATCHES.
CHAZZ...
THE PARADOX
BROTHERS...
ALEXIS...
EVEN BASTION...
AND THE ACADEMY
WOULD THINK
I WAS GREAT.
THE WISE-CRACKIN' JADEN
WHO HARDLY EVER LOST.
CROWLER AND SHEPPARD
WOULD HAVE NO CHOICE
BUT TO GIVE ME A KEY.
A KEY THAT HELD
THE FATE OF THE WORLD.
NO! I HAVE FRIENDS HERE!
FRIENDS WHO HAVE RISKED
THEIR LIVES FOR ME!
EVEN IF
I AM SOME PAWN,
I BELIEVE
IN MY FRIENDS,
AND I BELIEVE
IN MY DECK!
[THINKING]
ALL OF YOUR TRAINING...
ALL OF YOUR MATCHES
HAVE LED UP TO THIS,
THIS MOMENT OF TRUTH.
NOW MAKE YOUR MOVE...
AND MAKE ME PROUD.
GET YOUR GAME ON!
HA! CHECK THIS OUT!
IT'S MIRACLE FUSION!
MIRACLE FUSION?
PRETTY TIGHT, HUH?
SEE, MIRACLE FUSION
FUSES
ALL ELEMENTAL HEROES
THAT ARE
IN MY GRAVEYARD...
AND CREATES
THE ONE AND ONLY...
ELEMENTAL HERO ELECTRUM!
[GROWLS]
AND ELECTRUM'S GOT...
ONE SWEET ABILITY!
[GROWLS]
ALL MY MONSTERS!
THEY'RE RETURNING
TO MY DECK!
JUST THE ONES
REMOVED FROM PLAY...
WHICH MEANS
YOUR MEGISTUS
ATTACK POINTS
GO BACK TO ZERO!
AND NOW I ATTACK!
ELEMENTAL RADIANT
BURST!
[GROWLS]
AAH!
[GROANING]
WHOA!
THAT'S GAME, BANNER.
JADEN...LISTEN
CAREFULLY TO ME, MY BOY.
I LIED.
YOU WON ALL THOSE
OTHER DUELS.
I SAID YOU DIDN'T...
TO TEST YOU.
AND TO...PREPARE YOU
FOR THE REAL EVIL TO COME.
THAT IS WHY I BECAME
A SHADOW RIDER.
NOT TO TAKE OVER THE WORLD...
BUT TO STOP...
THE ONE WHO'S
TRULY TRYING TO.
TO STOP HIM
BY FORCING YOU
TO BECOME
A BETTER DUELIST, JADEN.
SO THAT YOU
COULD FACE HIM.
AND HOPEFULLY...
DEFEAT HIM.
YOU SEE...
THE THREAT'S SO GRAVE...
I HAD TO DECEIVE YOU.
I HOPE...THAT YOU
CAN FORGIVE ME.
AND NOW, MY BOY...
TAKE THIS...
BUT IT'S YOUR BOOK!
IT'S MINE...NO LONGER.
AND NO LONGER...
AM I OF THIS EARTH.
PROFESSOR BANNER!
IT'S OVER...
HE'S GONE.
[PURRING]
SO...WHAT NOW?
WELL, FROM WHAT BANNER SAID
I GUESS WE SHOULD BE
ON THE LOOKOUT FOR SOME
TERRIBLE EVIL THAT WANTS
TO TAKE OVER THE WORLD
AND PROBABLY DESTROY US ALL
WHILE HE'S AT IT.
OKAY. BUT WHEN
AREN'T WE, REALLY?
YEAH, WELL, YOU GOTTA
POINT THERE, SYRUS.
NO. THIS IS DIFFERENT.
YOU GUYS...BANNER GAVE
HIS LIFE TO PREPARE US
FOR THIS EVIL
THAT'S COMING.
[THINKING]
I JUST HOPE
WE'RE READY...
BECAUSE WHATEVER WE'RE
ABOUT TO FACE...
IS GOING TO BE
UNLIKE ANYTHING
WE'VE EVER
FACED BEFORE.